README.md, before:

# Introduction

[My knowledge wiki](https://wiki.omar.engineer). You can also find [a repository](https://github.com/obahareth/knowledge) mirroring this wiki with Markdown files on GitHub.

This is the beginning of a Gitbook containing everything I know, and it's heavily inspired from [https://github.com/nikitavoloboev/knowledge](https://github.com/nikitavoloboev/knowledge).

You can search using the top right corner or you can simply explore the tree view to the left.

You can [ask me anything](https://github.com/obahareth/ama) you want at anytime.

### Other things I wrote and shared

I also share my knowledge by writing articles [on Medium](https://medium.com/@obahareth), on [dev.to](https://dev.to/obahareth), and my [personal website](https://omar.engineer).

I also love writing code that solves various problems I have and I share it all [on GitHub](https://github.com/obahareth).

### Make your own wiki

You can view other similar to this, continuously updated wikis, [here](https://github.com/RichardLitt/meta-knowledge#readme).

Don't be afraid to create one of your own and share what you know with the world.

If you found a mistake anywhere in this wiki, I would appreciate your help. You can quickly find any entry you wish to edit by [searching for the topic](https://github.com/obahareth/knowledge/find/master) and then making the changes.

I also appreciate any [ideas you have](https://github.com/obahareth/knowledge/issues/new) on how I can improve this wiki.

Commit message:

Update README with Notion link

README.md, after:

# Introduction

[My knowledge wiki](https://wiki.omar.engineer). You can also find [a repository](https://github.com/obahareth/knowledge) mirroring this wiki with Markdown files on GitHub.

This is the beginning of a Gitbook containing everything I know, and it's heavily inspired from [https://github.com/nikitavoloboev/knowledge](https://github.com/nikitavoloboev/knowledge).

You can search using the top right corner or you can simply explore the tree view to the left.

You can [ask me anything](https://github.com/obahareth/ama) you want at anytime.

### Other things I wrote and shared

I also share my knowledge by writing articles [on Medium](https://medium.com/@obahareth), on [dev.to](https://dev.to/obahareth), and my [personal website](https://omar.engineer).

I also love writing code that solves various problems I have and I share it all [on GitHub](https://github.com/obahareth).

I share a number of pages, boards, and lists on my (public Notion page)[https://www.notion.so/obahareth/Public-04ad2eb582a448b1ae834249d5ada9b9].

### Make your own wiki

You can view other similar to this, continuously updated wikis, [here](https://github.com/RichardLitt/meta-knowledge#readme).

Don't be afraid to create one of your own and share what you know with the world.

If you found a mistake anywhere in this wiki, I would appreciate your help. You can quickly find any entry you wish to edit by [searching for the topic](https://github.com/obahareth/knowledge/find/master) and then making the changes.

I also appreciate any [ideas you have](https://github.com/obahareth/knowledge/issues/new) on how I can improve this wiki.
